Documentation (#154)
apple/swift-mmio: Sources/MMIO/Documentation.docc/Essentials/Registers.md

Let's start with a simple status register for a device. According to its datasheet, this register is 32 bits wide:

```swift
import MMIO

@Register(bitWidth: 32)
struct DeviceStatus {
    // Bit-field definitions will go here
}
```

Even without defining any bit fields, this bare register definition is already usable. To interact with it, first create an instance by providing the memory address where the register is located:

```swift
// Create an instance of DeviceStatus at memory address 0x40000000
let status = DeviceStatus(unsafeAddress: 0x40000000)
```

> Note: The `unsafeAddress` parameter specifies the physical memory location of this register in your hardware's memory map. This address typically comes from your microcontroller's datasheet.

Once you have a register instance, you can read its current value from hardware:

```swift
let readValue = status.read()
if readValue.storage != 0 {
    print("Register contains non-zero value: \(readValue.storage)")
}
```

> This performs a side-effectful read on the actual hardware. Since our register definition doesn't have any bit fields yet, all you can access is the `.storage` property, which contains the raw bit pattern read from hardware. The type of `storage` is a `UIntX` that matches the bit width specified in the `@Register` macro—in this case, `UInt32` for our 32-bit register.

Author: Yeah I think i need to go through an explain the sideeffects somewhere...

```swift
status.modify { value in
    value.storage += 1
}
```

While working with bare registers is possible, defining bit fields makes your code much more expressive and safer, as we'll see next.

### Adding Bit Fields

Most hardware registers aren't just simple storage units—they contain multiple functional segments called **bit fields**. Each bit field represents a specific feature or setting within the register. For example, a single 32-bit control register might contain an enable bit, a mode selection field, and status flags, all packed together to efficiently use the available bits.

Let's enhance our `DeviceStatus` register by adding a bit field. According to our hypothetical device's datasheet, bit 1 controls whether interrupts are enabled:

```swift
import MMIO

@Register(bitWidth: 32)
struct DeviceStatus {
    @ReadWrite(bits: 1..<2)
    var interruptEnable: INTERRUPT_ENABLE
}
```

Here, we've defined a single bit field named `interruptEnable` that occupies bit 1 of our register. The `@ReadWrite` macro indicates that this bit can be both read from and written to. The `bits: 1..<2` parameter specifies that this field uses only bit 1.

> The type `INTERRUPT_ENABLE` is automatically generated by the Swift MMIO macro system. It contains metadata about the bit field, including its position and width. You don't need to define this type yourself.

Reviewer: Thanks for explaining here that the type is automatically generated. It might also be good here to address the naming conventions here. Something like:

```suggestion
The type `INTERRUPT_ENABLE` is automatically generated by the Swift MMIO macro system. It contains metadata about the bit field, including its position and width. By convention, these type names are written in `MACRO_CASE` and should match the name of the field; however Swift MMIO does not actually enforce this.
```

(I've dropped "You don't need to define this type yourself", because I think that is clear from the "automatically generated" statement earlier.)
